Team Aiya -- Elaina Chung & Lisa Eng
APCS2 pd3

Obstacles Overcome (and how!)
- We were having trouble with trying to make each ingredient fall at a different time rather than falling at the same time. We overcame this by getting help at the CS Dojo. We learned/realized we used a while/for loop inside the draw() method which made all the ingredients fall at the same time and fixed it by taking out the while loop and making the draw() method as the while loop.
- We were having trouble with pop the ingredients in our sandwich stack to count how many of times the player caught a certain ingreident. This issue was caused by the stack's isEmpty() counting the pixels rather than the number of objects. We overcame/figured out that was the problem by using print statements, super helpful for debugging!!!
- We were having trouble with making the ingredients (which were really images) falling because we first used rectangles to start and test whether the falling method worked. We overcame this by realizing that we had to make a copy of an object (which led to the creation of the function getInstance()) and so on. We also treated the images as a rectangle.
- We were both not familiar with processing so we did have to ask around/look up constantly on the processing website to search up default methods.

Unresolved Issues
- A sandwich may stack above its height limit within less than 30 seconds and stay at that screen.

Cool Stuff Learned (conceptual and/or practical)
- draw() is a continuous, true while loop
- images must be loaded in the driver file only!!!
- images must be placed in a folder called data

Mid-development Design Changes (and why!)
- We did not decide to do a strike system because we felt doing so would have made things more complicated but instead if the player did not pass the level, he/she would redo the level until he/she passed and moved on to the next level. Everyone who plays becomes an automatic winner!!!!! :)))

Lessons Learned (...which you might apply to future projects, CS or otherwise) ...have you achieved flow?
- When you're trying to overcome an obstacle/have your project do a certain thing, yet you don't know how to. It is good that we want to try to figure it out ourselves, however, there are times you won't be able to figure out how to overcome the obstacle/solve the problem without the help of a senpai/sensei. Go to the dojo and don't waste time after you have tried to solve the issue for at least a day!
- We both agreed that part of the reason why doing this project was fun was because we really communicated wth each other. In class, rather than working on things seperately, we preferred to use only one computer and always checked in with one another to make sure we were both on the same page!!! Communication is key!!!

June 6, 2017
Lisa & Elaina: Used sandwich stack to keep track the ingredients on the bread. We will use this to display the number and type of ingreidents he/she used.
Lisa: Created images to show what the player caught for each round. Updated READ.me.
Elaina: Got delay to work so that text could be displayed between each level. The text will display the number of points he/she earned. Worked on displaying the number and kind of ingredients player used in their sandwich.

June 5, 2017
Lisa: created start page image, decided to use the plate as the bread.
Elaina: fixing bug issues, trying to use stack (to recreated sanwich player made after a level

June 2-4, 2017
Lisa: Ingredients (that are shown as images) are falling!!!
Elaian: created points and timer system. Made sure levels transitioned.

June 1, 2017
Lisa & Elaina: We went to the CS Dojo, one of the best/most helpful sessions we've ever been to. SHOUT OUT TO BILLY FOR HELPING US A LOT!!! We fixed the problem of having the ingredients falling simultaneously into falling one after another (by checking if the ingredient that is currently falling is displayed 1/2 way). We also got ingredients to stack on top of one another. We see the lighttt.

May 31, 2017
Lisa & Elaina: We tried to get the ingredients to fall one after another instead of simultaneously, but were not successful. Ingredients are not stacking on top of one another as well. 

May 30, 2017
Lisa & Elaina: We got the ingredient to stay on the plate, however, it is in the plate, not on top of it. Also, when we use fill, it fills in the plate's color as well.

May 26-29, 2017
Lisa & Elaina: Got an ingredient to fall down and the plate to move. However, we could not get the ingredient to fall on the plate.

May 25, 2017
Lisa & Elaina: Made the specifications for the ingredient ham and made the plate. We made a meal class to make the ArrayLists easier. Made the move class for Ingredients.

May 24, 2017

Lisa & Elaina: completely revamped the Ingredients class and decided to put the array lists of ingredients into the driver file for easier access. Also made the accessors and mutators for Player class.

May 23, 2017

Got new project idea approved & learned valuable lessons!!!
Lisa: created flow chart
Elaina: created UML Diagram

May 22, 2017

Lisa & Elaina: disucssed the new classes and attributes that needed to be made for new project. 
Lisa: worked on Player class.
Elaina: worked on Ingredients class.

May 19-21, 2017

Lisa & Elaina: cretaed a new project proposal for new idea (Sandwich Stacker) and discussed what functions we might use to present final project.

May 18, 2017

Lisa & Elaina: discussed the different classes that need to be made (Plane, Player, and Board) and the methods each class would have.


